modules/readme/README.md, before:

# fs2-cron
[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/fthomas/fs2-cron/Continuous%20Integration)](https://github.com/fthomas/fs2-cron/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+Integration%22)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fthomas/fs2-cron/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fthomas/fs2-cron)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron](https://badges.gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron.svg)](https://gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Scaladex](https://index.scala-lang.org/fthomas/fs2-cron/latest.svg?color=blue)](https://index.scala-lang.org/fthomas/fs2-cron/fs2-cron-core)
[![Scaladoc](https://www.javadoc.io/badge/eu.timepit/fs2-cron-core_2.12.svg?color=blue&label=Scaladoc)](https://javadoc.io/doc/eu.timepit/fs2-cron-core_2.12)

**fs2-cron** is a microlibrary that provides [FS2][FS2] streams based
on [Cron4s][Cron4s] cron expressions or [Calev][Calev] calendar
events.

## Examples

```scala mdoc:silent
import cats.effect.IO
import cats.effect.unsafe.implicits.global
import fs2.Stream
import java.time.LocalTime

val printTime = Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now)))
```

### Using Cron4s library

Requires the `fs2-cron-cron4s` module:

```scala mdoc
import cron4s.Cron
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.cron4s.Cron4sScheduler

val cronScheduler = Cron4sScheduler.systemDefault[IO]

val evenSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/2 * * ? * *")

val scheduled = cronScheduler.awakeEvery(evenSeconds) >> printTime

scheduled.take(3).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```
```scala mdoc
val everyFiveSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/5 * * ? * *")

val scheduledTasks = cronScheduler.schedule(List(
  evenSeconds      -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 1"))),
  everyFiveSeconds -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 2")))
))

scheduledTasks.take(9).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

#### Cancelling the scheduled task
Using `Stream#interruptWhen(haltWhenTrue)`

```scala
import cats.effect._
import cron4s.Cron
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.cron4s.Cron4sScheduler
import fs2.Stream
import fs2.concurrent.SignallingRef

import java.time.LocalTime
import scala.concurrent.duration._

object TestApp extends IOApp.Simple {
  val printTime = Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now)))

  override def run: IO[Unit] = {
    val cronScheduler = Cron4sScheduler.systemDefault[IO]
    val evenSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/2 * * ? * *")
    val scheduled = cronScheduler.awakeEvery(evenSeconds) >> printTime
    val cancel = SignallingRef[IO, Boolean](false)

    for {
      c <- cancel
      s <- scheduled.interruptWhen(c).repeat.compile.drain.start
      //prints about 5 times before stop
      _ <- Temporal[IO].sleep(10.seconds) >> c.set(true)
    } yield s
  }
}
```

### Using Calev library

Requires the `fs2-cron-calev` module:

```scala mdoc
import com.github.eikek.calev.CalEvent
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.calev.CalevScheduler

val calevScheduler = CalevScheduler.systemDefault[IO]
val oddSeconds = CalEvent.unsafe("*-*-* *:*:1/2")

val calevScheduled = calevScheduler.awakeEvery(oddSeconds) >> printTime
calevScheduled.take(3).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

```scala mdoc
val everyFourSeconds = CalEvent.unsafe("*-*-* *:*:0/4")

val calevScheduledTasks = calevScheduler.schedule(List(
  oddSeconds      -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 1"))),
  everyFourSeconds -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 2")))
))

calevScheduledTasks.take(9).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

## Using fs2-cron

The latest version of the library is available for Scala 2.12 and 2.13.

If you're using sbt, add the following to your build:
```sbt
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
  "eu.timepit" %% "fs2-cron-cron4s" % "@VERSION@" //and/or
  "eu.timepit" %% "fs2-cron-calev" % "@VERSION@"
)
```

## License

**fs2-cron** is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, available at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 and also in the
[LICENSE](https://github.com/fthomas/status-page/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

[Cron4s]: https://github.com/alonsodomin/cron4s
[FS2]: https://github.com/functional-streams-for-scala/fs2
[Calev]: https://github.com/eikek/calev

Commit message:

Try to cross build for Scala3
The issue is that the fs2-cron-cron4s subproject is not working for
Scala 3, because cron4s is not available for scala 3 (and it is
discouraged to provide libraries for Scala3 that have Scala 2
dependencies). So the goal is to configure sbt such that it builds
core and calev subprojects for all scala versions and the cron4s
subproject only for 2.12 and 2.13.

modules/readme/README.md, after:

# fs2-cron
[![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/fthomas/fs2-cron/Continuous%20Integration)](https://github.com/fthomas/fs2-cron/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+Integration%22)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fthomas/fs2-cron/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/fthomas/fs2-cron)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron](https://badges.gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron.svg)](https://gitter.im/fthomas/fs2-cron?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Scaladex](https://index.scala-lang.org/fthomas/fs2-cron/latest.svg?color=blue)](https://index.scala-lang.org/fthomas/fs2-cron/fs2-cron-core)
[![Scaladoc](https://www.javadoc.io/badge/eu.timepit/fs2-cron-core_2.12.svg?color=blue&label=Scaladoc)](https://javadoc.io/doc/eu.timepit/fs2-cron-core_2.12)

**fs2-cron** is a microlibrary that provides [FS2][FS2] streams based
on [Cron4s][Cron4s] cron expressions or [Calev][Calev] calendar
events.

It is provided for Scala 2.12, 2.13 and `fs2-cron-calev` also for
Scala 3.

## Examples

```scala mdoc:silent
import cats.effect.IO
import cats.effect.unsafe.implicits.global
import fs2.Stream
import java.time.LocalTime

val printTime = Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now)))
```

### Using Cron4s library

Requires the `fs2-cron-cron4s` module:

```scala mdoc
import cron4s.Cron
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.cron4s.Cron4sScheduler

val cronScheduler = Cron4sScheduler.systemDefault[IO]

val evenSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/2 * * ? * *")

val scheduled = cronScheduler.awakeEvery(evenSeconds) >> printTime

scheduled.take(3).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```
```scala mdoc
val everyFiveSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/5 * * ? * *")

val scheduledTasks = cronScheduler.schedule(List(
  evenSeconds      -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 1"))),
  everyFiveSeconds -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 2")))
))

scheduledTasks.take(9).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

#### Cancelling the scheduled task
Using `Stream#interruptWhen(haltWhenTrue)`

```scala
import cats.effect._
import cron4s.Cron
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.cron4s.Cron4sScheduler
import fs2.Stream
import fs2.concurrent.SignallingRef

import java.time.LocalTime
import scala.concurrent.duration._

object TestApp extends IOApp.Simple {
  val printTime = Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now)))

  override def run: IO[Unit] = {
    val cronScheduler = Cron4sScheduler.systemDefault[IO]
    val evenSeconds = Cron.unsafeParse("*/2 * * ? * *")
    val scheduled = cronScheduler.awakeEvery(evenSeconds) >> printTime
    val cancel = SignallingRef[IO, Boolean](false)

    for {
      c <- cancel
      s <- scheduled.interruptWhen(c).repeat.compile.drain.start
      //prints about 5 times before stop
      _ <- Temporal[IO].sleep(10.seconds) >> c.set(true)
    } yield s
  }
}
```

### Using Calev library

Requires the `fs2-cron-calev` module:

```scala mdoc
import com.github.eikek.calev.CalEvent
import eu.timepit.fs2cron.calev.CalevScheduler

val calevScheduler = CalevScheduler.systemDefault[IO]
val oddSeconds = CalEvent.unsafe("*-*-* *:*:1/2")

val calevScheduled = calevScheduler.awakeEvery(oddSeconds) >> printTime
calevScheduled.take(3).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

```scala mdoc
val everyFourSeconds = CalEvent.unsafe("*-*-* *:*:0/4")

val calevScheduledTasks = calevScheduler.schedule(List(
  oddSeconds      -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 1"))),
  everyFourSeconds -> Stream.eval(IO(println(LocalTime.now.toString + " task 2")))
))

calevScheduledTasks.take(9).compile.drain.unsafeRunSync()
```

## Using fs2-cron

The latest version of the library is available for Scala 2.12 and 2.13.

If you're using sbt, add the following to your build:
```sbt
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
  "eu.timepit" %% "fs2-cron-cron4s" % "@VERSION@" //and/or
  "eu.timepit" %% "fs2-cron-calev" % "@VERSION@"
)
```

## License

**fs2-cron** is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, available at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 and also in the
[LICENSE](https://github.com/fthomas/status-page/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

[Cron4s]: https://github.com/alonsodomin/cron4s
[FS2]: https://github.com/functional-streams-for-scala/fs2
[Calev]: https://github.com/eikek/calev
